docs/ghostty.md, before:

# Ghostty Configuration

Location: `~/Library/Application Support/com.mitchellh.ghostty/config`

## Overview

Ghostty is a fast, GPU-accelerated terminal emulator. This configuration provides a minimal dark aesthetic with native macOS integration.

## Visual Theme

### Colors
- **Background**: Pure black (`#000000`) with 80% opacity
- **Foreground**: Light gray (`#e8ecf2`)
- **Cursor**: Blue (`#2f81f7`), block style, no blink
- **Selection**: Dark blue background (`#304e75`)

### Font
- **Family**: Berkeley Mono
- **Size**: 13pt

### ANSI Color Palette

| Color | Normal | Bright |
|-------|--------|--------|
| Black | `#494e56` | `#6f7781` |
| Red | `#ee8297` | `#f2a5b4` |
| Green | `#64b65f` | `#79d171` |
| Yellow | `#ddb53e` | `#dbb556` |
| Blue | `#6da5f9` | `#89bef9` |
| Magenta | `#b58ef8` | `#cba9f9` |
| Cyan | `#66c2cd` | `#79d3db` |
| White | `#b3bac3` | `#ffffff` |

## Window Settings

| Setting | Value | Purpose |
|---------|-------|---------|
| Padding | 8px | Minimal breathing room |
| Save state | Always | Remember window size/position |
| Confirm close | Disabled | No prompt when closing |
| Quit after last | Yes | Exit app when last window closes |

## Shell Integration

- **Detection**: Automatic
- **Features**: Cursor tracking, sudo integration, title updates

## Keybindings

Custom keybindings for splits (vim-style navigation):

| Key | Action |
|-----|--------|
| `Cmd+D` | Split right |
| `Cmd+Shift+T` | Split down |
| `Ctrl+H` | Go to left split |
| `Ctrl+J` | Go to bottom split |
| `Ctrl+K` | Go to top split |
| `Ctrl+L` | Go to right split |

**Note**: With tmux, you'll primarily use tmux's split management instead of Ghostty's native splits.

## Performance

- Scrollback: 10,000 lines
- GPU-accelerated rendering
- Native macOS window chrome

## Customization

Edit the config file and restart Ghostty, or press `Cmd+Shift+,` to reload.

### Config Format

```
# Comments start with #
key = value
```

### Common Customizations

```bash
# Change font size
font-size = 14

# Adjust opacity (0.0 to 1.0)
background-opacity = 0.9

# Different theme
background = 1a1b26
foreground = c0caf5

# Disable ligatures
font-feature = -liga
```

## Comparison with tmux

| Feature | Ghostty Native | tmux |
|---------|---------------|------|
| Splits | Yes | Yes |
| Session persistence | No | Yes (survives restart) |
| Detach/reattach | No | Yes |
| Remote sessions | No | Yes |
| Scrollback | Native | tmux buffer |

**Recommendation**: Use tmux for session management, Ghostty as the terminal emulator.

Commit message:

Remove Ghostty split keybindings to fix tmux collision
ctrl+h/j/k/l was bound in both Ghostty and tmux for pane navigation,
causing Ghostty to intercept the keys before they reached tmux.
Removed Ghostty splits entirely since tmux handles this with session
persistence.

docs/ghostty.md, after:

# Ghostty Configuration

Location: `~/Library/Application Support/com.mitchellh.ghostty/config`

## Overview

Ghostty is a fast, GPU-accelerated terminal emulator. This configuration provides a minimal dark aesthetic with native macOS integration.

## Visual Theme

### Colors
- **Background**: Pure black (`#000000`) with 80% opacity
- **Foreground**: Light gray (`#e8ecf2`)
- **Cursor**: Blue (`#2f81f7`), block style, no blink
- **Selection**: Dark blue background (`#304e75`)

### Font
- **Family**: Berkeley Mono
- **Size**: 13pt

### ANSI Color Palette

| Color | Normal | Bright |
|-------|--------|--------|
| Black | `#494e56` | `#6f7781` |
| Red | `#ee8297` | `#f2a5b4` |
| Green | `#64b65f` | `#79d171` |
| Yellow | `#ddb53e` | `#dbb556` |
| Blue | `#6da5f9` | `#89bef9` |
| Magenta | `#b58ef8` | `#cba9f9` |
| Cyan | `#66c2cd` | `#79d3db` |
| White | `#b3bac3` | `#ffffff` |

## Window Settings

| Setting | Value | Purpose |
|---------|-------|---------|
| Padding | 8px | Minimal breathing room |
| Save state | Always | Remember window size/position |
| Confirm close | Disabled | No prompt when closing |
| Quit after last | Yes | Exit app when last window closes |

## Shell Integration

- **Detection**: Automatic
- **Features**: Cursor tracking, sudo integration, title updates

## Keybindings

No custom keybindings are configured. Use tmux for all split/pane management to avoid keybinding collisions and benefit from session persistence.

## Performance

- Scrollback: 10,000 lines
- GPU-accelerated rendering
- Native macOS window chrome

## Customization

Edit the config file and restart Ghostty, or press `Cmd+Shift+,` to reload.

### Config Format

```
# Comments start with #
key = value
```

### Common Customizations

```bash
# Change font size
font-size = 14

# Adjust opacity (0.0 to 1.0)
background-opacity = 0.9

# Different theme
background = 1a1b26
foreground = c0caf5

# Disable ligatures
font-feature = -liga
```

## Relationship with tmux

Ghostty is used purely as the terminal emulator. All split/pane management is handled by tmux, which provides:

- Session persistence (survives restart)
- Detach/reattach capability
- Remote session support
- Scripted layouts (see `dev.sh`)
